they attract good stuff when you don't
give them the tips they deserve as in
pays those girls $9 or $10 an hour okay
they don't deserve those tips
there were so many moments at this
restaurant but truthfully there's only
so much you can put into a one-hour show
here's an unbelievable exchange that had
with Amy over a package of gnocchi
Cindy's knocking here no refrigeration
required Wow Wow well there must be a
few chemicals in there we sell these
nurses you sell these yes
and no refrigeration requires what's in
them look at the back you know I don't
say that they're organic
everydays what's in there you said look
on the back like some [ __ ] smoke this
is you know it's not pre-made we don't
have pre-made food we're trying to make
it for the road yes the raviolis are
pre-made on the frozen egg they are it's
fresh of course we have to freeze it
when we drop it in the fryer so the
breading doesn't come off we do it like
that
I do use those yogi yes I cared a lot
Chef Ramsay I would like you to
understand just something I'm finding it
right now to understand you one little
bit I've got nowhere to go
every time I say something I'm out
you're the one who just said you want to
talk to me to explain to you know let me
speak so there's no point in talking to
you Ron just like my husband you know my
visit Jamie's been coming was a complete
disaster from day one I came back on day
two with a plant to turn it around
unfortunately I never got to implement
it because it became clear that would be
a waste of time
I'm sure you're wondering what's
happened to the restaurant since I left
here with an update is our reporter and
I Gus here thanks Gordon I'm here in
Scottsdale Arizona talking to local
people to get their perspective on
everything that's happened since the
show aired everything from the social
media phenomenon to how it has affected
local businesses and I'm going to try
and talk to Amy and Samy but first
here's an update on how the restaurant
is doing
good luck thank you after Chef Ramsay
left it was just a dramatic mess no Amy
and Samy thought everyone was out to get
them attitude I've never seen in my life
they fired everyone told everyone who
can do everything on their own the next
day I was called and Amy and Samy begged
for me to come back so I did Samy and
Amy saw that I had taken five dollar tip
from my customer and had a huge fit over
it and told me that I'm a thief and get
out of his restaurant and I threw the
money at them and I walked out and told
them don't ever talk to me again I'm
done with this place a lot of my friends
have actually gone there just to check
it out because now it's like a tourist
site everybody wants to see if Amy was
actually that crazy we honestly went in
with let's see if the food is really as
people say one of our friends ordered a
drink got a notice that there was
something floating in the drink
it had three fruit flies in it we called
Samy over and he got really upset and he
said there are no flies he never even
acknowledged that there was anything
wrong I said to him we didn't bring
flies in our pockets with us and he just
said you have to go you have to go you
have to go we thought they would kind of
wanting to be you know pleasing
everybody and wanting to have the
customers and you know but they were
exactly like we thought they were
they're trying to cash in on their
notoriety if you go to their website
they're selling t-shirts that are
printed with lines from the show it's
not a classy move but becoming a tourist
attraction where they basically make fun
of themselves I think it's the only way
for them to survive
it's definitely turned into a spectacle
that if you're in the area you just have
to see what it's all about
you know deserve those tips [ __ ] off
around